README.md, before:

# 🌾 Smart Agri AI Suite

A simple, human-friendly all-in-one agriculture toolkit that combines multiple smart farming tools into one platform. This project helps users detect plant diseases, analyze soil pH, get market insights, chat with an agri-assistant bot, and work with hyperspectral plant data.

---

## 🌿 Features

### 🌱 Leaf Disease Detection  
Upload a plant leaf image and get AI-based disease predictions.

### 🧪 Soil pH Analysis  
Estimate soil pH using image-based analysis tools.

### 💬 AgriBot Chatbot  
Ask farming questions and get clear, simple, helpful responses.

### 📈 Market Price API  
Fetch real-time crop market prices and trends.

### 🌈 Plant Hyperspectral Analysis  
Process hyperspectral plant data for deeper crop health insights.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

/chatbot_agribot → Chatbot module
/leaf-diseases-det... → Leaf disease detection
/market_api_using... → Market price analysis
/ph_analysis_mini... → Soil pH analysis
/plant_hyperspectral → Hyperspectral processing
/static → Assets (CSS, JS, images)
/templates → HTML templates
/tools → Helper utilities
main_app.py → Main Flask application

yaml
Copy code

---

## 🚀 How to Run

### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git
cd your-repo
2. Install dependencies
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Start the app
bash
Copy code
python main_app.py
4. Open in browser
cpp
Copy code
http://127.0.0.1:5000
🛠 Technologies Used
Python

Flask

OpenCV

TensorFlow / PyTorch

NumPy, Pandas

HTML, CSS, JS

Machine Learning & Computer Vision

🤝 Contributing
Pull requests and improvements are welcome.

📜 License
MIT License

💚 Acknowledgements
Thanks to open-source datasets, tools, and libraries used in this project.

Commit message:

Update README.md project description
Revised project description for clarity and detail.

README.md, after:

# 🌾 Smart Agri AI Suite

Smart Agri AI Suite is an easy-to-use collection of intelligent farming tools built to support farmers, students, and researchers. It includes AI-powered plant disease detection, soil pH estimation, market trend tracking, a friendly chatbot for farm-related queries, and hyperspectral plant analysis features—all combined into a single clear and accessible platform.


---

## 🌿 Features

### 🌱 Leaf Disease Detection  
Upload a plant leaf image and get AI-based disease predictions.

### 🧪 Soil pH Analysis  
Estimate soil pH using image-based analysis tools.

### 💬 AgriBot Chatbot  
Ask farming questions and get clear, simple, helpful responses.

### 📈 Market Price API  
Fetch real-time crop market prices and trends.

### 🌈 Plant Hyperspectral Analysis  
Process hyperspectral plant data for deeper crop health insights.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

/chatbot_agribot → Chatbot module
/leaf-diseases-det... → Leaf disease detection
/market_api_using... → Market price analysis
/ph_analysis_mini... → Soil pH analysis
/plant_hyperspectral → Hyperspectral processing
/static → Assets (CSS, JS, images)
/templates → HTML templates
/tools → Helper utilities
main_app.py → Main Flask application

yaml
Copy code

---

## 🚀 How to Run

### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git
cd your-repo
2. Install dependencies
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Start the app
bash
Copy code
python main_app.py
4. Open in browser
cpp
Copy code
http://127.0.0.1:5000
🛠 Technologies Used
Python

Flask

OpenCV

TensorFlow / PyTorch

NumPy, Pandas

HTML, CSS, JS

Machine Learning & Computer Vision

🤝 Contributing
Pull requests and improvements are welcome.

📜 License
MIT License

💚 Acknowledgements
Thanks to open-source datasets, tools, and libraries used in this project.
